Oops, oops, oops.
I haven't seen Mr. Feng for a long time
I haven't contacted him since last time
No way.
Yes, find a way to ask him out again
Are you there?
Sorry, please don't contact me again in the future.
What's going on?
Why is that?
I think our relationship is a bit unhealthy
I already have someone I like
who
Don't ask
It's over.
I didn't get any advantage at all.
This is a loss to me, no, no
The Last Time
Let's find another time to make a break
Ok one last time
Wow bridge
You are amazing
You can even get this kind of glass
No sweat.
It just so happens that the movie is almost finished.
Let's get ready to open.
You said we picked this time to open
Is it not good?
Hey, I heard that Master Qin also came in
Families have been visiting in the past two days
Especially the royal family has been there several times
Yeah.
As long as they don't make trouble for us.
But that Qian Ye has a big business
It is said that as long as it is an antique business here
It has to go through his hands
I'm afraid there will be trouble